improve(packaging): make the Docker image more robust and compliant with modern practices (#806)
Guts/qgis-deployment-cli: docs/development/packaging.md

## Docker

### Requirements

- Docker >= 23
- Docker BuildKit

### Build locally

:::{note}

> The published image is meant to be used, not to develop. So, it does not contain side code: `docs`, `tests`, etc.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The published image is intended for running QDT, not for development. So, it does not contain side code: `docs`, `tests`, etc.  
```
